and
very good all good lads means the
new video of mario party with cristina
Hello
and surely you hear a lot of echo because
to play the wii we have to put
super far and expensive I do not have any
way to bring the microphone closer to the
ordinates so that nothing is what is
guys we do not have more mole I guess
less echo will be heard and a
little bit like before theory we knew
that we have this weekend yes yes to
see if it's true because I make milk
so I've done an extra game today
because if it does not always go also the
first part of the videos with stones
precious
is that it is a red puzzle game of
pool is clear that they are made to
girls
tetris a day if you have you have
some of the brain that do better in
this kind of games so I do not know what
but you have it how you played
this
and so with the 2 you turn with the 2 you turn
and now there is the jacket that is each
perfect square I'm going to blow you up
until times
this time it is not worth winning two beautiful
forward round
of the same color
affiliating lad
today we go
you're watching me
go Go
It's good to throw me crap
is already for today has put in command
straight
had is that I have time to see it if it is
that moved it before but it's worth
to take up as a gift to break
to get better
love him
here we go
we go
no no no
but very rebellious
good of what you want
around 3 4 4 but there was no
enough
but because I call myself a cheat of not being
as the subscribers who has a wife
hacker with j
Chan Chan
because they dwell
and has returned the lie
to cheat
we are not going to false
plus
no no
God
we go
come come come to ride gloves no
before
but as here
it's not worth I want to close those that are
at the table cut the table because not fair
I want to close it
the yellow
to 0 him
is here
and this is where I'm going to get a little bit though
not though we have the crap
I stay with her
what are you say champion
come come and let me catch that I caught
a piara caught prada bar and they touch
plus
because they are less of me
and how do I think that closing it now yes tomato
the denouement is because we see in cloud
because today he is taking out too much already
it's true that back was also without hands
or two
and in effect we are holding as
champions
You have to die because I have to die
because it 's in disgusting sadiq dynamic
you do not just have to die and fuck see
ay ay ay
what makes me that connected
Of course you're going to catch the one you're going to
pillar
objective modernity girl you do not know no
I know
with stars
what according to my theory
now you must edit what there is not
something of his people
teeny that 's basically because if
we did not do the minigames we would be
with time I the same part and the second
first game from here
many many many already know what it is
more common
and see you in the video
until other years